Wait, wait, we are not done.
If you remember with the problem statement, it said
write a program to print the first 100 FizzBuzz numbers
start at one and end at 100.
At this point, we've written a lot of unit tests.
We've done all the TDD.
But we still didn't write a main application to
print the FizzBuzz numbers one to 100.
And the boss says
Hey, We need a main app and we need it ASAP.
So let's get to it ASAP.
Now, before I go there
I'll make sure that all of my tests still pass.
Okay. So I have the warm fuzzy now, like, okay, great.
Everything's good on my end.
let me simply just write a little main app to
demonstrate all of this stuff.
I'm moving to source main Java under TDD.
I'll create a new class
and I'll call this the main app.
And in this main app,
I'll simply set up a main method
and I'll do the for loop from one to 100.
And I simply print out the results.
here I'll print out, I+, and then
then I'll make use of FizzBuzz dot compute pass an I.
and that's in place.
Now I simply run this main application
and I get the results
but it's not exactly per the spec.
They really don't want the initial value.
They simply want the FizzBuzz number.
So let me kind of comment out
what I had here for line number nine.
and just print the result of the FizzBuzz compute.
So just get rid of the string concatenation
and just simply print FizzBuzz dot compute I.
And then we get the results as requested.
And kind of going back to that problem statement.
Now we're printing out the values from one, the 100.
Okay. And you have all your FizzBuzz numbers.
So there you go.
All right so fun stuff
So again, we kind of pulled everything together
with the whole TDD and we wrapped it up at the end.
This is awesome.
I'm happy.